I will cook salted straw
fresh zucchini young zucchini
fresh lemon fresh young garlic
twigs here such currants dill
Well, or fuck, I still have here
for starters, I'll cut the zucchini then you can
cut in half and take advantage of here
such a float which basically you have
I think everyone has
it is desirable to prepare the preparation of zucchini
without seeds
now i will take the can
Today such a liter jar I them
15 minutes pre- styled lay out
there all your herbs and spices are in order
to make our flavors delicious
zucchini garlic notice I do not clean it
just snip
dill can now add zucchini if
would my pickle it could be cut
here is such a straw but we would not then
laid out here the greens we would have her
placed in marinade supported there
deleted
and then it would be poured into a jar but since we
Today we are making salted straw
then it should be the largest so that later
it was more convenient for you to get it out of the jar
I spread everything in a jar
now what i did i will add a half
lemon juice if you fall there
bone is absolutely okay
you can even put so here a couple
pieces for color for flavor so everything
now I add some more garlic
and other herbs
now black pepper peas
so how do we make salted we
fill with cool brine so
I can add more peppers somewhere
about 15 pips from such a bowl I
scout salt on such a jar she liter
if we want to have something tomorrow
add two tablespoons of salt hot
water to stir
That’s absolutely nothing wrong
if the salt is not dissolved it is literally
after an hour and a half dissolve itself in
jar add ordinary cold water
if we leave him now with someone
the temperature is literally for 2-3 hours
just faces will be ready but if you
take your time do you want to eat tomorrow or
day after tomorrow
then immediately refrigerate
such zucchini are kept for up to 2 weeks